Expand "batch processing" tutorial with steps for manual correction (#4829)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/analysis-pipelines-with-sct/handling-issues.rst

Author: NOTE: When testing this PR, I realized that we need to change the `process_data.sh` script to use `sct_deepseg spinalcord` now, too. :sweat_smile:

If you spot any issues during QC, e.g., error during segmentation, you can correct the issue (manually or by adjusting SCT parameters), and then re-run the processing.

Manual corrections
==================

> The script ``manual_correction.py`` will be used to conveniently correct the segmentations for the failed subjects.

Reviewer: what about something like this?

```suggestion
The script ``manual_correction.py`` will be used to conveniently correct the segmentations requiring manual corrections (marked as “Fail”).
```

Setting up the environment
--------------------------

> As a prerequisite, make sure you have an image editor installed (in this case: FSLeyes):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a prerequisite, make sure you have an image viewer installed (in this case: FSLeyes):
```

.. code:: sh

    # Next, make sure that your image viewer is callable from the

>     # Terminal. In the course we use FSLeyes but you can do the same

Reviewer 2: Nit; "Terminal" should be lowercase:

```suggestion
    # terminal. In the course we use FSLeyes but you can do the same
```

Reviewer: hmm, this probably depends on OS. macOS uses "T":
https://support.apple.com/en-ca/guide/terminal/apd5265185d-f365-44cb-8b09-71a064a42125/mac

Author: I think if we're saying "callable from **the** terminal", then lowercase makes sense, since [terminal](https://neuraldatascience.io/2-nds/terminal.html) is a fairly well-understood common noun? (Note that there's a pedantic distinction between terminal/terminal emulator, command line/CLI, shell, etc. but for our purposes I tend to use them interchangeably.)

If we wanted to specifically refer to the proper noun/macOS app "Terminal", Then I think we would omit the "the" (as in, "callable from Terminal").

Reviewer 2: Just to follow-up on this, "Terminal" is capitalized in MacOS because they decided that would be its name; the "formal" way to refer to it is as "the Terminal terminal" (not confusing at all!). So yes, given we're referring to a terminal program in general here (not MacOS's specific Terminal application), lower-case seems most appropriate.

    # with another viewer (eg: ITKsnap).
    fsleyes --version

Next, download the manual correction script and check its options:

.. code:: sh

    # First, download the manual correction script into a folder called `manual-correction`
    sct_download_data -d manual-correction -o manual-correction

    # Then you can look at the files in the folder
    ls manual-correction

    # Make sure to access the version of Python inside the SCT installation
    sct_python="$SCT_DIR/python/envs/venv_sct/bin/python"

    # Now we can check the options of the manual correction script (using the help flag -h)
    $sct_python manual-correction/manual_correction.py -h

.. note::

>     By typing ``$SCT_DIR/python/envs/venv_sct/bin/python`` instead of just ``python``, we can directly access the version of Python that lives inside the SCT installation. This is useful because the script depends on packages that are installed with SCT, but that may not be installed in your default Python environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By typing ``$SCT_DIR/python/envs/venv_sct/bin/python`` instead of just ``python``, we can directly access the version of Python that lives inside the SCT installation. This is useful because the ``manual_correction.py`` script depends on packages that are installed with SCT, but that may not be installed in your default Python environment.
```

Running the correction script
-----------------------------

Once your setup is ready, you can run the manual correction script.

.. code:: sh

    # Run the manual correction script

>     $sct_python manual-correction/manual_correction.py -config qc_fail.yml -path-img output/data_processed/ -path-label output/data_processed -path-out data/derivatives/labels

Author: TODO: Make sure to clarify the purpose of the `qc_fail.yml` file, since I remember it causing confusion (does the user generate it, or do they use the one that comes with the repo).

    # Check the files output to the ‘derivatives/’ folder
    tree data/derivatives

> The output segmentations will be located under the derivatives/labels/ folder, according to BIDS convention. Also, JSON sidecar files will be created with name and date, for traceability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output segmentations will be located under the ``derivatives/labels/`` folder, according to BIDS convention. Also, JSON sidecar files will be created with name and date, for traceability.
```

If you spot any issues during QC, e.g., error during segmentation, you can correct the issue (manually or by adjusting SCT parameters), and then re-run the processing.

Manual corrections
==================

> SCT provides a downloadable script called ``manual_correction.py`` that can be used to conveniently correct any segmentations with issues (i.e. the subjects that were marked with "Fail" during :ref:`the previous QC step <batch-qc_report>`).

Reviewer: maybe we can omit "downloadable"? Although I understand you use it because we need to run (`sct_download_data -d manual-correction -o manual-correction`), right?

```suggestion
SCT provides a script called ``manual_correction.py`` that can be used to conveniently correct any segmentations with issues (i.e. the subjects that were marked with "Fail" during :ref:`the previous QC step <batch-qc_report>`).
```

Author: Exactly, yes! I wanted to clarify that it's not built-in to SCT yet (e.g. `sct_manual_correction`). But definitely optional. :)

Reviewer: okay, let's keep to inform users that the script needs to be downloaded

> SCT provides a downloadable script called ``manual_correction.py`` that can be used to conveniently correct any segmentations with issues (i.e. the subjects that were marked with "Fail" during :ref:`the previous QC step <batch-qc_report>`).

Reviewer: > conveniently correct any segmentations with issues

nitpick: `manual-correction.py` can also be used for PMJ and disc label correction. i.e., not strictly only for segmentations. but I guess it's fine for the purpose of the tutorial. 
alternatively, we could say something like

> that can be used to conveniently correct any problematic images

Author: I like this! Thank you for the clarification <3
